2024-11-09 23:33:49

≦ 1 ≧
Reserve monitor beige
Appendices to the Belgian Official Gazette - 02/01/2024 - Annexes du Moniteur Belge
Full Wet B. Copy to publish by the annexes to the Belgian instructor after the decline in the registry
Deposits 1 1
RECIBE 20 DEC. 2023
*24000007*
Business N ': 0700 794 910
Name
MOD DOC 19. 01
to the registry of the French -speaking business court of Sreffelles
{In full): Thermo Sanitar (in Abrege):
Legal form: Society in collective name
Address Complete du Siege: avenue de Broqueville 250 Box 5, 1200 Woluwe-Saint-Lambert
Object of the act: adoption of new statutes in accordance with the code of societies and
associations
Extract from the Process-Verbal of the extraordinary general assumption of the December 15, 2023:
The assembly decides to adopt and refound the statutes in conformity with the code of societies and associations as follows:
Article 1: Form and denomination
SOCIETY is a collective name company. Its denomination <thermo sanitar>. In all acts and administrative documents issued by the company must appear an agreement indicating the?
Denomination followed by the mention "SOCIETE in collective name" or of "SNC" Breviation. Article 2: Siege
The seat is established in the Brussels Capital Region. Societe can establish, by simple decision of the administrative order, administrative seats, agencies?Workshops, depot and branches, both in Belgium and Drawer. Any change of seat is published in the appendix:
to the Belgian instructor by administration organe. Article 3: Object
The object is, both in Belgium and the Etranger, on its own account or on behalf of third parties, alone or in association:
HAS. Constructions
Civil Genie, construction of roads, ferrees, bridges and tunnels;Construction of networks and lines;Construction of networks for fluids: construction of electrical networks and telecommunications: Construction of other works by Civit Genie;Construction of other civil engineering works n. c. a. ;Construction work specialized - Demolition, preparation of sites, test bodies and surveys;Installation work: electric, plumbing, heating and air conditioning installation;Other installation work;: insulation work;Ceuvre in buildings or other projects to build: thermal isoration materials, acoustic insulation and anti -vibratile matters: insulation work for heating or refrigeration pipes, cold rooms or warehousesrefrigerants;Finishing work;Work!Platterie;Application in buildings or other construction, plaster or stucco projects for the house?or exterior, including associated lattage materials;Assembly of dry -based drywall partitions;All. carpentry work;Floor and walls and ceilings' surveying work;Mounting joinery!EXTERIORS AND INTERIES: DOORS, Windows, Staircases, Kitchen Cupboards Teams, Equipment for stores, Dormants of doors and windows, etc.. : Assembly of mobile partitions;Assembly of garage poirs,. shutters, lighters, fences, grids etc. , blirid doors and fire-free doors, greenhouses,!Verandas etc. , wood, plastic or metallic matter;Painting and glazing work;Installation of floor and wall tiles;Installation in buildings or other construction projects: researches!walls or ceramic, concrete or size stone tiles;Granite floor and walls views. etc. ;Installation of reactions in wood and walls;Installation of wallpapers and walls of walls and?floors in other materials;Installation in buildings or other construction projects of: Parquets and others
- on the front: "Name and quality of the instrumenting notary or the person or people
Mention on the last page of the Yolet B:
Having power to represent the legal person to get off third parties
Ay verso: name and signature (not applicable to acts type "mention>). ≦ 2 ≧
BIJLAGEN BIJ HET Belgisch Staatsblad - 02/01/2024 - Annexes to the Belgian Monitor
Wooden floors, survey of wooden partitions;Installation of wallpapers as well as walls of walls and be in other materials;Interior and outdoor buildings paint;Painting of work of civil genius;Wall treatment with water -repellent products;Metallic frame painting;Painting of ships and boats by non -specialized units;Vitrerie: installation of windows, mirrors, etc.. ;Other finishing work;Roofing work;Cover work in all matters;Other construction works specialized n. c. a. - Works of Walls, Removal of Fagades, Construction of Decorative Cheminees and open fires, Masonry and Joining Works, Building Restoration Works, Installation of ELADs E. a. ;Mounting of frames;Establishment of rainy water evacuation elements;Repair of metal works;General installation work;Installation of heating, ventilation and air conditioning;Installation in buildings or other construction projects: heating systems Relectricitis, gas and fuel oil, boilers, materials and ventilation and air conditioning pipes, plumbing and sanitary devices, conducts and gas or water connections(Except for heating), fire extinction installation, etc.. ;Plumbing work;Other installation works n. c. a. : Installation work, electrotechnics other than building;Other installation works n. c. a. : Installation of lighting and signaling systems for shoes, ferrees, aeroports and port installations (including you installing signal panels);Installing blinds and banns: installation of signs, iumineous or not;Other installation works n. d. a. , including the installiation of accessories: installation of private pools: installation of interior doors, separation partitions etc. ;Other finishing works: other completion and finishing works of buildings n. d. a. : Repair of computers and personal and domestic goods;Fabricatian of any construction product, included paving: mechanics;Monitoring of construction work (large auver, installation, finishing work, etc.. ): Studies and consultancy in Matter of urban layout and landscaped architecture;Canduite large maintenance operations of buildings;Furniture manufacturing (desk and store, kitchen, manufacture of mattresses, dining rooms, lounges, bedrooms and bathrooms, garden and outdoor furniture, manufacture of other furniture n. c. a. ). SOCIETE may legally exercise activities for rental and sale of any construction material. B. Pool layout
The construction of private or public external swimming pools;Pool cleaning and maintenance activities;Planting, care and the entrance of parks and gardens for: stagnant and current waters (basins, marsing, ponds, swimming pools, pits, watercourses, time installations). C. Wholesale and detail, repair of motor vehicles and motorcycycies
Wholesale and detail and repair vehicles motorcycle and motorcycles;Wholesale, the exception of motor vehicles and motorcycles;Wholesale trade: wholesale trade in raw agricultural products and living animals;Wholesale of food, drinks and tobacco products: wholesale trade of other domestic goods;Wholesale of information of information and communication;Wholesale of other industrial equipment: other businesses of large specializations;Wholesale non -specialized: detail trade, the exception of motor vehicles and motorcycles;Non -specialized store detail trade;Food Detail Trade in Specialized Store: Trade in Automobile Fuels Detail in Specialized Store: Trade in Detail of Information Equipment and Communication in Specialized Store;Detail trade of other fittings of the home in the specialized store: trade in detail of cultural goods and leisure in the specialized store;Other Detail shops in a specialized store;Detail trade on Eventaires et Marche;Outside store, Events or Marches trade. D. Transport and storage, post and mail activities, business support activities
Land transport and transport by conduct;Urban and suburban transport of travelers;Transport of travelers by taxis;Other Terrans Travelers N. c. a. ;Freight truck transporis;Managing services;Transport by conduct;Other auxiliary transport services;Storage, storage and auxiliary services for land transport: photocopying, preparation of documents and other specialized activity of office support;Other business support activities. E. Reactive services to buildings, landscaping, cleaning
Activities combined with support binding to buildings: cleaning activities: current buildings of buildings: other built -up cleaning activities;: industrial cleaning;Interior cleaning of buildings of all types: offices, factories, workshops, institutions and other premises for commercial or professional use, apartment buildings etc. ;Nettaaching windows;Ramonage of paths and the cleaning of atres, stoves, incinerators of boiler, ventilation ducts and smoke evacuation devices;Other cleaning activities: Activities of deinfection and destruction of parasites in buildings, ships, trains etc. ;Cleaning trains, buses, planes, ships etc. , including the Petrolaiers ships;Landscaping services: office administrative services and other business support activities;Administrative and office support services;Activities of call centers;
Business support activities n. c. a. F. Rental and IMMOBITY ACTIVITIES
Rental of agricultural machines and equipment with operators: lacation with construction equipment operator;Rental of any type of vehicle with and without driver;Rental and exploitation of clean or reel real estate as well as any rental activity of all good furniture and equipment;Rental and

≦ 3 ≧
BIJLAGEN BIJ HET Belgisch Staatsblad - 02/01/2024 - Annexes to the Belgian Monitor
Rental lease of machines and equipment for the building and the civil genius, with and without an operator;Rental and iocation lease of slot machines and games, electronics or not, for cafes, casinos, etc.. ;Rental lease of capitals for exhibitions, corporate celebrations, concerts, etc.. : Rental of other machines and equipment, n. d. has;Rental of machine tools, hand tools and DIY equipment;Rental of televisers and other audiovisual devices;Rental of dishes, cutlery, glassware, kitchen and table items, electrical and electromechangers, etc.. : Rental of sports and campsite items: rental and rental-lease of other machines, equipment and goods;Activities of real estate merchants;Rental and exploitation of clean or reel real estate;Real estate activities on behalf of third parties;Self-service automatic service service;Exploitation of automatic photography machines. G. Specialized Activities of Design
Modeling of models for personal and domestic goods;Industrial design activities;Graphic design activities: interior decoration;Interior Decorators' Activities: Setting Decoration;The design and realization of stallions for the windows of commercial buildings or services;Other specialized activity of design;The realization of models and models redone;The design of exhibition stands. H. Architectural activities
Construction architecture activities: Studies, design, advice, work control;Interior architecture activities, in particular the image and the transformation of private, commercial and public spaces (housing, offices, shops, public buildings): Studies, design, advisor, control of work. The enumeration which is not limiting. From a general way, the company can accomplish all generally, commercial, industrial, industrial, financial, mobilieres, real estate, relating directly or indirectly to its object, even partially. The company may do any act necessary and/or essential to the accomplishment of its object and more particularly any mobile and real estate transaction. It can be surety or give personal or real saretty in favor of any person or company linked or not. The company can realize its object in all places, of all the manners and according to the modalites which seem to it the most appropriate. Societe can be interested in all ways in all cases, businesses, associations or societys, existing or to create, both in Belgium and Stranger, having an identical, analogous, similar or related object to its own, or that issuch as to promote the development of its activities. The company can also exercise
the functions of administrator, manager or liquidator in other societies. Article 4:
The company is constituted for a hard iimitee. Article 5: Capital and shares
Capital is fixed to the total sum of 100.00 e (one hundred euros), represents per 100 parts. Article 6: Capital increase and reduction
The reunified associates may decide to increase and reduce capital by any
proceed whatsoever, under the reserve of compliance with the laws and regulations in force. Article 7: Cession of shares
The shares cannot be cedees or transmitted without agreeing the simple majority of shareholders. Article 8: Investiture of Associes
The inauguration of a new associate in the company must be made with the right of the simple majority of shareholders. Article 9: Gerance
The managers are invested with the most extended powers to perform all management acts and the provisions falling within the framework of the object to the exception of those who the law or the statutes are reserved for the general self. Article 10: Decisions of associates and general assembly
Collective decisions are taken, at the choice of gerance, either as a general assembly or by consultation written by the associates. As a result, however, of the approval of the annual accounts, an ordinary general assembly must be summoned, as a associate requires such a meeting. Are usually qualified, the decisions of the associates other than those relating to the statutory modifications. They are adopted in Il'unanimite. 1l is also held every year, at the seat where the Endtoire indicates in the summons, an ordinary general assembly on the 31st of the month from December to 6 p.m.. If this day is ferrie, t "assembled is given on the first working day following. Are described as extraordinary, the decisions aimed at or leading to a modification of the statutes. They are adopted in the unanimity. ≦ 4 ≧
Reserve au Moniter call
Appendix at the Belgian State sheet - 02/01/2024 - Annexes you call Monitor
Article 11: Competers annuls et exercice
Less computes annuls. Linventary, the management report, and the special reports of the manager are established: in accordance with the applicable legislative and regulatory provisions and must be subject to the approval: Associations in a six -month delai from the end of the social security.. Social exercise begins on July 1 and ends on June thirty of the next year. Article 12: Rights and obligations of associates
Each part confesses to its owner an equal right on the benfices realized by the company, on the owner J of the active 'and on the liquidation bonus. The benefit or the loss of the Ecoule exercise is calculated by difference between: the products and the charges of the exercise, and this after deduction of depreciation and provisions. This benefit: left between the two associates in proportion to the number of shares belonging to each of them. The general assembly may however decide to assign the sums distributable to the reserves and to postponement A: new, in total or in part. Each share also gives right to one voice in all votes and deliberations. The associates are held indefinitely and jointly and severally of social debts to third parties. Between them, they are only bound by their respective rights in capital. The owner on the one hand carries automatically adhesion to statutes and resolutions regularly taken J: by the associates. Article 13: Dissolution and liquidation
Societe is dissolved in the event of a cause of dissipation provided by law. The dissolution of the company can also intervene at any time, due to the decision of at least one of the: two associates. If one of the two associates wishes to dissolve the company, a notification written and signed of its :: Part must be sent to the second associates. In the event of dissolution with liquidation, one or more liquidators must be named during an asshule: general pronouncing dissolution. For this purpose, they have the most extended powers to realize the actor, pay the passive and set off again: between the associates. At the end of liquidation, it is up to them to convene the general assumption of it is to decide on the accounts: Definitives, to give discharge and decharge of their mandate to the liquidators and to note the end of: liquidation. From the said decision, in all the various acts and documents Emanant of the company, the IA: Denomination must be followed by the mention "in liquidation". Article 14: Transmissions
In the event of a member of the associates, the company continues if the remaining associa. Article 15: Disputes
Any dispute relating to social affairs, whatever it is and between anyone, which can arise
During the duration of the company will be sliced ​​by the Court Competient. Article 16: common law
The provisions of the Code of Societies and associations to which it would not be a lawfully derogated are repeated in the present statutes and the clauses contrary to the Imperative provisions of the code of:
societies and associations are reputed not written. For compliant extract,
Martinas Eusebiu
VIERU MARIA MAND
Manager
Mention on the last page of the Yolet B:
On the front: name and quality of the instrumenting notary or the person or people
having power to represent the legal person in third parties
On the back: name and sianature (not applicable to tvpe acts <mention a). 