2024 - 11 - 09 233331 . 1 Roye au Moniter call Appendix at the Belgian State sheet - 02012024 - Annexes you call Monitor Copy a agive aud utilities au Monitor call acast depot the lact au gravee Mod DOC 19 . 01 Find 7 receives the Dec 20 . 2023 24000006 business n 0401 936 623 Name to the registry of the court of French -speaking business in Brussels whole Biocodex Benelux in Abege Legal form anonymous society Complete Siege address Boulevard de lHumanite 292 1190 Forest Qbiet de Ite Recovery of the clove The administrator Delegue- Commissioner Of the verbal of the extraordinary general assumption of . d. 7112023 , it is the same as an authors confirms the following decision The renewal of the mandates of administrators of the gentlemen Francois Hublot and Jean - Marie Lefevre as well that of the Societe by joint - stockings simplified Frangal Biocodex whose permanent representative is Mr. Nicolas Coudurier , mandates starting on January 1 , 2023 for a duration of three years , ending after ordinary general assumptions which will take place in 2026 . Of the verbal process of the meeting of the administration organ . d. 7112023 , it seems that The administration body decides to rename the mandate as administrator - delegue , by Monsieuri Francois Hublot from January 1 , 2023 for a 3 - year term , ending after the general assumption which will take place in 2026 . This decision was taken unanimously from the voices . Of the minutes of the annual general assistant . d. 9052023 , it seems that the assembly adopts the following resolution at the unanimity The auditor , whose mandate has been renewed for the next 3 years , is the SRL CDP Petit Co represented by Benjamin Gorlier . The board of directors decides with unanimity to grant an attorney to the SRL Bofidi Accountants , . Canteersteen 47 - Central Gate , 1000 Brussels , or one of his agents , namely Mrs. Lindsey Schamp . Madame Wendy Defreyne , Mrs. Sylvia Vanbeveren , Mrs Eva Thielemans and Mrs. Tine Talpe , acting together or separately , with faculty of substitution , to intervene in all circumstances . orally andor by writer , as a legal representative to all public authorities , for example , but without limiting themselves , the administration of direct contributions , the administration of VAT , registration andDomains , the Faler , the National Office of Social Security , without limiting itself to the following list of spots establish , sign and introduce the deciarations , the answers to the requests for information , the modification notice , the declarationsRegularizations and reclamations , carry out negotiations and sign agreements with control and litigation services as well as management , act as representing in relations with . Precite administrationsfill , request , submit and sign all documents necessary for . The registration of contracts , the request for permits and certificates necessary , of recording , the Mention on the last page of the Yolet B on the front name and quality of the notary instrumentant or the person or people Having power to represent the legal person in the Egard das Third Party On the back name and signature not applicable to acts type mention n . 2 Reserve in the instructorteige BIJLAGEN BIJ HET Belgisch Staatsblad - 02012024 - Annexes to the Belgian Monitor Modification or the termination of the company at the Bank - Carrefour of companies , of the request , the modification or the termination of a number of VAT , of the display , the modification or the termination of a Caisse de Scurit , of display has a social secretariat and the realization of all the procedures concerning recording as a entrepreneur , the request , the extension andor the transfer of the lei code LEGAL ENTITY Identify , the signatureand the transfer of forms I for the publication in the appendices to the Belgian monitor and the signature and the depot of the forms it for the modification of the recording of the Soclete to the Banque - Carrefour des Entreprises BCE andAct as a representative in relations with Administration post office , vicinal railways and other transportation and delivery services , for all the shipments to founders , managerials , administrators or their employees . Deja proxy published in the publication of 04202023 Mrs EVA Thielemans Mandatory Mention on the last page of the Yolet B On the front . Name and quality of the instrumenting notary or the person or people having power to represent the legal person with regard to third parties On the back name and signature not applicable to TVPE acts mention a .